John because of the reason
musicians from our Greek brothers
this hazing is fundamentally at
odds with the ideals of Phi Sigma mu
[Music]
hazing runs contrary to our core
concepts of brotherhood and is
prohibited in all forms any activities
intended to produce harassment
embarrassed or blah blah blah blah
fuck-all will not be tolerated
[Music]
if they just do this to weed out
the weak ones show me mean business show
me won't be here I gotta be tougher this
is Phi Sigma mu or gentlemen
we don't like to fight
if we got a fight then we all fight cuz
we in the stomach
[Music]
[Applause]
get a drink
[Music]
listen up you guys have three hours to
finish this keg if you fail I can 100%
promise you you're gonna have to
this goat start the music